F/resource aws datasync location s3 storage class (#19190)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/datasync_location_s3.html.markdown

* `s3_bucket_arn` - (Required) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the S3 Bucket.
* `s3_config` - (Required) Configuration block containing information for connecting to S3.

> * `s3_storage_class` - (Optional) Configuration block containing information about S3 storage class.[valid values](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/datasync/latest/userguide/create-s3-location.html#using-storage-classes)  

Reviewer: `s3_storage_class` is a single string value, not a configuration block:

```suggestion
* `s3_storage_class` - (Optional) The Amazon S3 storage class that you want to store your files in when this location is used as a task destination. [Valid values](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/datasync/latest/userguide/create-s3-location.html#using-storage-classes)  
```
